Oops, it is rumored that this Infernal Demon Emperor
At first, it existed half a step quietly
He brought harm to the world
If it wasn't for the Emperor
I'm afraid that's not possible in this world at all
Someone can drop
Subdue this devil
These years
Many of Lin Danjing's disciples also broke into it
But the street was shot by the Eternal Demon Emperor in seconds
I advise you to come back as soon as possible
Don't feel sorry for yourself here
Otherwise, you will lose your life
Then when we head Xuanyin Sect
A small devil emperor
When I see my deity, I don't even dare to go out
Hahahahaha
speak out
Don't be scared to pee your pants later.
Ah.
Leah, this mandala flower is priceless
But life is more important
Why don't we go back first?
You don't have to be a little devil emperor
Even if he had 10,000 guts, he wouldn't dare to do anything to him
Love
Ouch.
This is where the Infinite Demon Emperor is imprisoned
It's terrifying
You have to be careful.
Ah!
Isn't this also the aftertaste of living?
Otherwise, all emperors cannot exist
Even if it tastes stupid
This is too scary
You are the devil director, come to lure him to the devil emperor
Hurry up, it's too late if you don't go
Why don't you hurry up?
It's too late to go now
Otherwise, the next residual danger will come again
Even the immortals can't save you.
What's so scary?
Swordless Demon
Open your dog eyes and see your true self clearly